# Predict Student Performance from Game Play 2023
## Trace student learning from Jo Wilder online educational game
## Featured Code Competition
* February 6, 2023 - Start Date.
* June 21, 2023 - Entry Deadline. You must accept the competition rules before this date in order to compete.
* June 21, 2023 - Team Merger Deadline. This is the last day participants may join or merge teams.
* June 28, 2023 - Final Submission Deadline.

### Dataset Description
This competition uses the Kaggle's time series API. Test data will be delivered in groupings that do not allow access to future data. The objective of this competition is to use time series data generated by an online educational game to determine whether players will answer questions correctly. There are three question checkpoints (level 4, level 12, and level 22), each with a number of questions. At each checkpoint, you will have access to all previous test data for that section.
#### **Data Size about 4.8GB**
### What files do I use?
You have access to the training data and labels. There are 18 questions for each sessions - you are not given the answers, but are simply told whether the user for a particular session answered each question correctly.
When you are ready to predict, use the sample notebook to iterate over the test data, which is split as described above and served up as Pandas dataframes. Make your predictions for each group of questions - at the end of this process a submission.csv file will have been created for you. Simply submit your notebook.

### What should I expect the data format to be?
The training columns are as listed below. The label rows are identified with <session_id>_<question #>. Each session will have 18 rows, representing 18 questions.

### What am I predicting?
For each <session_id>_<question #>, you are predicting the correct column, identifying whether you believe the user for this particular session will answer this question correctly, using only the previous information for the session.
The timeseries API presents the questions and data to you in order of levels - level segments 0-4, 5-12, and 13-22 are each provided in sequence, and you will be predicting the correctness of each segment's questions as they are presented.
Note that the hidden test set is roughly as large as the training set; you should expect it will take much longer to run on than the three test samples provided.

### My Aproach
becase data is very big and resource are limit , using **Polar API** to  Preprocessing Data , it like pandas but very speed than it, you can see more about polar data frame in https://www.pola.rs/.
### The three NoteBook
* `performance-notebook.ipynb` Processing Notebook.
  * feature engineering
  * feature selectin
  * feature extraction
* `performance2-notebook2.ipynb` modelling Notebook.
  * Catboost, Xgboost, LightGbm, ensamble..etc.
* `inference-xgb.ipynb` submission (named inference in kaggle) Notebook.

## Private Score  0.698
## Public Score  0.696
## Best Score  0.698 
